Gu Qingqing is your real wife
17 You listen to my explanation 171717
Why are you here so soon?
Did you fly over?
I hate you
elder sister
Mr. Yan Gu Qingqing's plane at 3 pm
It's too late, Mr. Yan
Somebody help me!
Get this nonsense out of here
Chen Qing Chen Qing
You listen to me explain that this is not the case
I have amnesia
But not stupid
It's not home anymore
I know this is my only assistant Lin Feng
Wedding cancelled
Get me a car to go to the market
Mr. Yan, you finally remembered
You don't even know
What have I been doing for a month?
Madam Yan is very guarded against me
People follow me everywhere.
And he took my phone
If it weren't for me missing you
I can't take it anymore
I finally found a chance to sneak into the scene
Shut up and drive higher
Okay, I'll guard my brother's CP.
Police car
Time to board.
If you don't go, it will be too late.
Book me the fastest ticket to the United States
You don't get married well
What to do without patriotism